you know the president is heading home
tomorrow he's off to Florida for 16 days
is the president allowed to go away for
16 days that's like five scaramouche's
worth of days that's a lot of them
tomorrow morning Mike Pence will be
checked into a kennel and the president
will jet to mar-a-lago
his private club where Trump will once
again host his annual New Year's Eve
party two years ago you know he charged
guests to this party five hundred and
seventy five dollars a head to come then
last year it went up to $750 a head this
year he's charging a thousand dollars a
head a thousand dollars the ring in the
New Year with these two party animals
that seemed like fun the whole Trump
family will be there what if he makes
them pay to come to the party Ivanka
gets in free everyone else full price
but it's a special holiday for the
Trump's this year this could be the last
Christmas Don junior will be able to
spend with his dad without being
separated by a glass partition so
Trump is leaving Washington DC an
absolute mess he caused quite a thing
today he announced today he's not gonna
sign a resolution to fund the government
this is a deal was crafted by
Republicans they thought he was gonna
sign it he surprised him and said I'm
not signing it unless I get the five
billion dollars I want for my border
wall if he doesn't get that money which
he won't tomorrow night at midnight the
government will shut down which means
hundreds of thousands of workers won't
get paid
basically Trump is taking paychecks from
federal employees at Christmas time to
punish Congress for not paying for a
wall he swore 500 times Mexico would be
paying for so Feliz Navidad everyone but
[Applause]
here's to pay for the wall at all
because there's some very dopey people
ready to pay for it themselves
this Trump supporter guy named Brian
Cole fudge started to go fund me
campaign to raise a billion dollars for
the wall he launched it on Sunday it's
already up to almost nine million
dollars people this is what people do
with their disposable income when they
don't have loans from college to pay off
donating money for a wall that will
never exist it's like starting a college
fund for Harry Potter it's a it's a wait
a more useful thing to do with your
money it would be to go outside and feed
it to a bird but you do have to admire
the sacrifice they're making I mean a
lot of these people are dipping into
their meth money for this and on top of
all that Trump Secretary of Defense
General Jim mattis surprised everyone
and resigned today I guess the rumor is
he disagreed with Trump's decision to
withdraw troops from Syria and as a
result of that he's now the thirteenth
member of trumps cabinet to depart in 20
months there are only 24 people in the
cabinet by the language that includes
the vice president who can't leave
eventually Ben Carson's gonna be the
only one left eventually if they can
find him has anyone seen him this
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel I hope you enjoyed
that video hit subscribe and all your
dreams will come true assuming your
dreams are to watch more YouTube videos